[BUGFIX] Set username retrieved from authentication backend in session. (#687)
authelia/authelia: BREAKING.md

## Breaking in v4.7.0

* `logs_level` configuration key has been renamed to `log_level`.

> * `users_filter` was a pattern of research for a given user with {0} matcher replaced by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `users_filter` was a search pattern for a given user with the `{0}` matcher replaced by
```

> actual username. In v4.7.0, `username_attribute` has been introduced. Consequently, the computed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the actual username. In v4.7.0, `username_attribute` has been introduced. Consequently, the computed
```

> user filter used by the LDAP search finding the user is a conjonction of a filter based

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user filter utilised by the LDAP search is a combination of a fields based
```

> on the username attribute and the filter provided in `users_filter`. Concretely, `users_filter` now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the `username_attribute` and the filter provided in `users_filter`. Effectively, `users_filter` now
```
